what is the biggest risk to your job in
today's video we're going to outline
just that you came here for the truth so
let me unveil that for you could it be
the biggest risk government could it be
that corporations might want to lay you
off or is it artificial intelligence
robots and automation while some are
saying that it's happening at a pace we
can't even believe let's get into that
right here today now of course a strong
economy would bring in more jobs
businesses would want to hire having
access to Capital is important for these
businesses and all of that needs to be
running smoothly on top of good sound
fundamentals coming from the top down so
that everybody along the chain feels
confident but sometimes we get a
disruption and what we're experiencing
right now is something
very big you see with the Advent of
artificial intelligence and Robotics
we've moved not just a step but we've
kind of leaped from one planet to
another and while we're at the infancy
of that the gains that have already been
made just over the past 12 months have
been
spectacular and what we can be concerned
about right here is things that Sam
Alman have said Sam ultman is the head
of open Ai and what did he have to say
well quite frankly that even he was
surprised at the development and that he
said this the fact that this might be
the last hard thing I ever have to do
and that line alone just kind of made my
mind go wild thinking about it this
might be the last hard thing that I ever
have to do and so this gets us into this
circumstance where what's going to
happen here are we really that far ahead
because when I you know go online I use
the chat GPT and you know it doesn't
seem so interesting but that's like the
the little front part of what we get to
experience as individuals the good stuff
is being held back so we know that it's
a lot better than what we get they're
not going to give the average person
access to the whole thing it needs to be
sort of dumbed down and given to us so
just imagine that's like the small
percentage of the real good things now
look at this the businesses that rescued
America from inflation recession and
lost jobs from oil drillers to chip
makers businesses responded by two
soaring prices by boosting Supply which
cooled inflation without a recession or
high unemployment the article out of the
Wall Street Journal basically gets into
the fact that things are doing well
things are doing great the economy is
soaring unemployment is low inflation is
coming down central banks are fantastic
you could believe that you could not
believe that whatever okay all we need
to know right now is do
businesses actively try to hire more
people or what are they doing with their
cash what are they doing with their
access to Capital well overwhelmingly
and this is not just based on what we've
seen so far it's based on the conference
calls it's based on uh what they've been
saying internally okay and that
information is brought up through other
things we get that through the Bank of
America surveys and so on what they are
talking about is replacing
human uh
Resources with um artificial
intelligence with robots with anything
they can and why why would you do that
okay well let's let's be clear okay some
things it'll take a while not going to
be done for a while there's no question
about that some of that stuff though we
can actually have a much better
experience much faster more reliable
increasing productivity by eliminating
the human interface that exists if I can
simply automate a system did you ever
watch the movie Office Space okay if you
ever watch that movie there's one
character where he says I'm a people
person do you remember that guy what
they asked him what he did and he said
well I you know I take this paper and I
give it to them and he said um well do
you physically go and take the paper no
my secretary does my assistant does that
so he say what is it that you do he says
I'm a people person well the point is if
that paper could have got from there to
there without even the assist without
even that guy doing it just completely
automatically one thing triggers another
thing and it just happens automatically
well then we've automated it we've
systemized it and doing so allows us to
to increase our efficiency that's how my
business is built and of course you
probably do similar things as well but
that needs to be taken to the next level
and there's new programs new software
new developments have been happening to
really Leap Frog on all of that like for
instance on my Twitter on X uh video
gets my YouTube video gets posted and
automatically it gets posted to Twitter
that's an automation I don't need to
physically go out and make that happen
it's all done automatically so think
about that extrapolate that in all the
different businesses where things are
happening mechanically that's gone those
days are gone so there's all these
little points or suddenly we don't need
people doing that stuff as paperwork
goes away we have simple ways to
automate that's a lot of jobs back
office jobs these things customer
service um you know simple things that's
it okay I just want to make that clear
and it's not a rent I need to open with
that looking at your job may disappear
altogether or IMF chief on a ai's impact
basically saying that you'll have
enhanced productivity gains due to AI
that's right you will there's no
question that you will instead of you
know having to do a whole spreadsheet
you could probably you know click one
button and that spreadsheet would fill
in but suddenly the boss realizes that
hey wait a minute if all these guys are
using that AI thing well we probably
don't need all of them anymore see
which jobs have a future check this out
by the way this is from our friends at
the world economic Forum jobs with the
largest employment gains and then the
fastest growing jobs so fastest growing
jobs are Ai and machine learning
Specialists beyond that is
sustainability specialist business
intelligence analysts information
security analyst so you could see where
that lies right and robotics engineers
and so on very interesting stuff all
right so looking at that you have to
start to think about well is my career
the right one is my business the right
one is um is there a development taking
place today in its
infancy which who knows three years five
years down the road is that going to be
now competition because it's hard to
compete with something that can work
247 hard to compete with something that
can compute well beyond anything we
could even imagine today so imagine 34 5
years down the road robots are looking
better to Detroit as labor costs rise
expensive new Union contracts SP more
interest in assembly line automation for
vehicles but risks exist there's no
question about that look at the examples
of all of the automation that's taking
place at fast food restaurants you go
and you you know punch in your order on
the little screen or you order it in
your phone app you no longer need to
talk to the person at the front all
right now we got flippy the burgers it's
doing the fries Chippy the robot flippy
to actually is new so there's all these
different robots that are going going to
be the things that we interface with and
the things that we got to deal with
entirely
100% fast food restaurants will probably
um 100% automated fast food restaurants
will probably be coming out in the
relatively new future there's some that
are kind of like that but seems to be
more and more common to ease the housing
crunch theme parks are becoming home
home builders so we have one problem
somewhere but they can pivot they can
react all right if people are not coming
to their Parks hey let's invest we have
Capital let's put it here and so the
business could become very strong it
could become very attractive if they
know what they're doing you see and
that's what they really need to be doing
there's no question about that so I just
wanted to highlight that as well but
it's not all like down it's like is the
business or is the individual doing the
right things they're saying hey AI is
coming robots are coming and you know
I'm going to be a cashier uh probably
not the best industry to be going into
right shop apocalypse you make customers
feel like criminals Shoppers fume as
Morrison unleash RoboCop cameras in
Supermarket aisles the robots are coming
they're coming everywhere I think this
is a little bit silly this one here but
the point is it's coming all right and
then are you at risk of losing your home
insurance just want to show you that
we're basically overall we're getting
less and less and less we're being we're
becoming less valuable overall we can't
get insurance our car insurance is going
up uh the price of everything is rising
our our property taxes are going up and
we're being you know these these
competitors these AI these robots are
looking more attractive to the
corporations so we are really like we're
getting real short on time for one way U
one way shape or form we're going to get
squeezed so keep that in mind and watch
what you're doing this is very important
extremely important to
not not just let this slide okay we need
to take action first thing you got to do
is get your financial education and
guess what I created a free 100% free
course for everybody to get the basics
down you your family your friends this
is called Compass over 1,000 people have
been through compass and when you go
through this 20 minutes super short
videos you can recommend this to your
friends you can recommend this to other
people because it doesn't link to
YouTube it doesn't link anywhere it's
all Financial education all real basic
simple stuff and then you don't have to
worry like I don't know if he they
they're not talking about the Federal
Reserve are they I don't talk about the
FED I don't talk about any of the deep
stuff it's all the real simple easy
stuff so you get a good base of
knowledge and then from there you can
you know develop where you want to go
from that this is like the basics and I
really think everybody should go through
it only 1,000 people have been and guess
what there's no pay wall there's no
email address required D you just go in
you learn the stuff 20 minutes later you
got the basics down you got the
foundation down that is at the link in
the description the money gps.com is
right there and I hope that you will uh
check that out if you appreciate that
information hit that thumbs up button
when you do that you are helping me but
also notifying the algorithm that this
is some good stuff don't forget very
important tomorrow's video I got some
real interesting stuff you want to
definitely check it out so I'll see you
then take care